[< Acknowledgements and Tables of Content](./00_Acknowledgements_and_TOC.md)

#  Introduction

## Context 

This whitepaper serves as an introduction to the Open Manufacturing
Platformâ€™s (OMP) Manufacturing Reference Architecture (MRA) and will set
the foundation for upcoming releases and new publications. It aims to
give the reader the foundation to understand the general concept of the
MRA within the OMP initiative, its benefits, approach, vision, goals,
and scope.

Readers gain the foundation to benchmark their manufacturing
architecture approach and design concept as well as further detail to
support a planned architecture project.

While this document serves as an introduction, upcoming planned content
from the MRA includes, but is not limited to:

-   A collection of dedicated Use Case whitepapers that focuses on
    particular manufacturing challenges.

-   Technical Architecture whitepapers and blueprints that discuss
    specific architecture templates, features, application ranges, and
    implementation aspects and guidance.

## Intended Audience 

This document is primarily interesting for readers who act in a function
related to general IT topics, enterprise or solution architecture,
Industry 4.0, or digital transformations regarding manufacturing or
industrial production. The following descriptions provide examples of
the roles and functions that will benefit the most of this whitepaper.

The white paper focuses on architect roles like **Enterprise Architects
and Cloud/Solution/Software Architects** as they benefit from all
content in this document. Respective architectures and approaches or
principles can be benchmarked and adjusted if required.

**Chief Technical Officer (CTO) / Chief Information Officer (CIO)** can
use the provided information as the starting point for their
architecture strategy and approach or review a possible ongoing
initiative. Of particular interest from a strategic point are
considerations regarding the approach and the Use Case considerations.
Especially the design principles and the Use Case considerations deliver
insights into how to approach digital transformation projects for
**Digitalization / Transformation / Industry 4.0 Manager.**

Although a basic understanding of IT/OT in manufacturing is certainly
helpful, most roles within a manufacturing company will understand the
content and gain valuable insights on manufacturing reference
architectures.

[Approach >](./02_Approach.md)