[< Manufacturing Characteristics](03_Manufacturing_Characteristics.md)

# Key challenges

Manufacturing companies are facing the challenge to define their way
forward in a very dynamic market. Unclear definitions like industry 4.0
and IIoT are adding to this. Successful digital transformations at scale
are still lacking. The following topics describe the biggest challenges
seen today.

## From Initial Pilots to Scaled Adoption

A constant stream of innovation is hitting the shop floor. One can get
the impression that computer vision, predictive maintenance, and many
other buzzwords are standard technology elements of every shop floor.
But they are mostly stuck in the pilot phase. Overcoming the roadblocks
from local pilots to scaled adoption is one of if not the most important
challenge. The following example showcases the typical challenges when
considering the scale out of a use case scenario.

After a successful implementation of a specific Computer Vision use case
there are three options for scaling: Do I want to use computer vision
for other use cases? Do I want to adapt the use case to similar use
cases in my plant? Do I want to replicate the use case in as many plants
as possible? As every project requiring significant effort, priorities
must be set.

## Self-Funding Transformation

Huge transformation budgets for manufacturing are history. The current
cost pressure on manufacturing companies mandates fast ROI. Saving money
and reaping the benefits during the transformation journey is a must.
Simply collecting data, pushing them to a data lake, and then deciding
how to gain insights at a later time is not a valid approach anymore.
Gaining insights from data collected, transforming them into
information, adding the appropriate semantics, and making them
immediately actionable in the various use cases is paramount.

## Lacking IT Skills 

While OT knowledge in most companies is sufficiently covered by a
companyâ€™s own workforce or established suppliers, there is a shortage of
skills combining IT and manufacturing knowledge. As IT is entering a lot
of OT areas like software-defined PLCs this deficit is even increasing.
People must be trained to apply existing knowledge and to replace some
views of the past. The skill transformation can be covered with a
well-balanced partner ecosystem, but this approach can be costly and
risky.

## Sidecar vs. Rip-and-Replace Approach

A fundamental challenge rests in the decision to build new applications
side-by-side to the existing IT landscape vs. rearchitecting all
applications into a new common architecture. The former is a targeted
approach with a focus on short-term results. But it is adding additional
complexity because existing applications are not replaced. The latter is
going holistic and is including a clear execution path of replacing the
existing application landscape.

Typical examples of a target sidecar approach are reporting
applications. Quite often they have a well-defined functional focus like
Overall Equipment Efficiency (OEE) reporting and are adding new
technologies like data lakes or machine learning. Automated Guided
Vehicle (AGV) fleet management and condition monitoring are additional
examples.

The holistic approach usually follows a layered approach. Quite often it
starts with general device and business application integration. The
holistic approach requires a comprehensive technical, functional, and
data architecture and usually results in a platform approach. The
platform includes capabilities for cross-cutting aspects like asset
registry, hierarchy service, and virtual tenancy for the different
plants and entities in the plants.

## Ambition Order of Magnitude

As explained in the preceding chapter manufacturing is characterized by
distributed decision making. Enterprise-wide or cross-plant ambitions,
therefore, are adding a major complexity to the well-established single
plant decision processes. The plants in most companies decide
autonomously on the budgets allocated to them. Trading shared spending
versus individual benefits is quite often a time-consuming process.

[Use Case Considerations for Architecture Design >](05_Use_Case_Considerations.md)