[< Architecture Design Princicples](07_Architecture_Design_Principles.md)

# Conclusion

This whitepaper has laid out the most relevant architectural challenges
in manufacturing brought on by the desire to transform to modern
production.

Manufacturers face an ever-increasing number of partners whose digital
touchpoints need to be integrated into production operations, whether
they are solution providers for their own production or partners in the
supply chain. On top of the old infrastructure more and more edge
workloads are potentially being delivered and require flexible, open
building blocks for scale and interoperability. Finally, there is a
growing demand from manufacturers to assemble these building blocks as
agilely as possible and thus also to build sequences of use cases to
accelerate growth.

A modern manufacturing architecture should be therefore able to show how
to integrate all these different data flows and pipelines through
efficient data routing between edges and from the edge to the cloud in a
closed loop and how to do this at scale, at the pace of the business.

The reality is that only a close collaboration between all players in
the industrial space will help to gain value from Industrial Data. Doing
this based on open standards and open-source building blocks will
benefit all participants because it supports and enables the growth of
this ecosystem.

In the end, the architecture must solve production needs. This in
combination with the different requirements of companies in respect of
customization, scalability, depth, and scope should still allow a
generic architecture. Required elements and entities that arise from the
semantic working group, the IoT connectivity working group, as well as
working groups to come, will be reflected in the architectural picture.
Of course, this also applies to the very specific use cases that are
being worked on in the AGV Working Group.

The findings and recommendations of the Working Group are not exhaustive
and will be extended in the course of future work. In our next
publications, we will dive deeper into the different layers and aspects
of the architecture and describe this very concretely by use cases.

[Appendices >](./09_Appendices.md)